Manpages for games (#11772)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man6/GameOfLife.md

## Name

GameOfLife

## Synopsis

```**sh
$ GameOfLife
```

## Description

> GameOfLife is a implementation of John Conway's Game of Life.
> 
> The game is a cellular automata where each cell is either dead (grey) or alive (yellow) and will change state in the next tick if any of the following rules are fulfilled:
> 
> * An alive cell will die by underpopulation if it has fewer than two neighbours.
> * An alive cell will die by overpopulation if it has more than three neighbours.
> * A dead cell will come alive by reproduction if it has exactly three neighbours.
> 
> otherwise it will keep its old state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GameOfLife is an implementation of John Conway's Game of Life.

The game is a cellular automaton where each cell is either dead (grey) or alive (yellow) and will change state in the next tick if any of the following rules are fulfilled:

* An alive cell will die by underpopulation if it has fewer than two neighbors.
* An alive cell will die by overpopulation if it has more than three neighbors.
* A dead cell will come alive by reproduction if it has exactly three neighbors.

Otherwise, it will keep its old state.
```
